Now that's it for this course section.
In this section you learned about these core components
that make up GitHub Actions.
And there it all starts with Workflows,
which are attached to GitHub Repositories
and where you define for which event,
for which trigger, which Jobs should be executed.
And one Workflow can have one or more Jobs.
And Jobs are the next important building block
you must know.
With Jobs, you define the environment
in which your work will be executed,
so the server on which it will be executed
and the Steps that will be executed in order.
And these Steps are the things that do the actual work.
There you execute command line commands
or you use predefined Actions, as you learned.
And for the Jobs you can run them in parallel
which is the default or sequential, after another.
Now these events and triggers are also very important.
As you learned, there is a broad variety of events available
and these events are either Repository related,
for example that you pushed
and you commit to the Repository.
But there also are some other events,
for example that you manually started a Workflow.
And Workflows have at least one event
but they can have more than one event.
Now when it comes to defining Workflows,
you do that in .GitHub/Workflows/ some YAML file.
And that file can either be created directly on GitHub,
as we did it for the first Workflow, or typically locally,
that's what you do in most cases.
But it has to be a file in that Workflow's folder
in that .GitHub folder.
And in that file you have to follow
the GitHub Actions syntax.
So the keywords GitHub Actions knows
and you saw some of the most important keywords
and Action in this section already.
Now as mentioned, your Jobs and the Steps
of these Jobs then execute on so-called runners
which are simply the servers,
the machines that execute the Jobs.
In there you got various predefined runners
provided by GitHub,
which run in their data centers, so to say.
And GitHub offers different runners
with different operating systems.
They do support Linux, Windows, and macOS.
And then depending on which operating system you chose
you got different hardware profiles.
If you're not happy with those predefined runners
you can also bring your own,
but that's something we didn't do
in this course section.
Now, regarding the Workflow execution,
they are of course executed
whenever their connected event is triggered,
and then you can follow their execution
and get detailed insights
and logs directly on the GitHub page,
as you saw multiple times throughout this section
when we inspected the logs shown by a Workflow.
Now I also mentioned it before that for your Workflows,
for the Steps you execute in your Jobs
you can also use Actions.
Because you can run your own shell commands
with this run key.
And that's what we did
in most cases throughout this section.
But for more advanced and typically repeated tasks
you can also use Actions.
Either official Actions provided
by GitHub itself or Actions by other communities,
or the community or your own custom built Actions.
And we'll build our own Actions later in the course.
But with that, you get these essentials
which you need in order to work with GitHub Actions.
And we're now ready to dive in deeper.